Sometimes the route does not really need to show and response to the user.
It just needs to do something and then go to another page.
An example of this might be starting.
Some new data are sent through a form or deleting something in the database.
Sometimes you also have a year old that was moved to some other place.
In all of these cases, you can return our redirect response.
This will allow you to do some logic in the route and then just redirect to a different route or review
URL that might actually render some content.
So let's ask simple Getrude that will do a redirect to another page.
There you are.
I can be fun.
Slash redirect.
The simplest case is to use our redirect helper function, it accepts you or I, you would like to redirect
do so we can redirect to our contact page.
Now, let's try it out, hit this slash fan redirect IRL, and you are to contact Page.
Now, notice that the very direct response will also have a different HTP code there, frio to.
Now, let's go over this route, quickly changed the urai from redirect to back and remove the body
now, but helper function will redirect to the last address.
It's useful with one time actions like previously mentioned for input storying.
So let's try it out from the contact page, let's hit Fun Slash Bach and you are back at the contact
page, the same from the home page.
Let's try to go to find Bach.
And you are back at the home page.
Now, let's copy the route again and change this.
You try to named route.
Now we have the first use case for our named routes using redirect and then calling the route matters
onto created object.
Now you can redirect to unnamed route, so you might remember that we have given our routes names,
for example, the one responsible for displaying aspecific a blog post has this post show name.
So it's enough to just know the Roots name, you don't really need to rely on the your eyes, which
of course might change.
So let's use the posts.
Show routes and parameters can be passed as the second array argument.
So in our case, this might be I.D., which is equal to one.
Oh, save the changes and let's hit this euro slash fun slash named route and we are redirected to the
post slash one.
So let's do it again, Kopitar route, and this time let's use way.
So that's the simple example, how to redirect away from your website so you can use the redirect helper,
which has an away method, so you can redirect, for example, to our Google com website.
So let's try it fun slash away and we are at Google.